docs: suggestions for updates to cluster docs (#4253)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/clusters/attach-cluster/attach-eks-cluster/index.md

Now that you have kubeconfig, go to the Kommander UI and follow these steps below:

1.  Select a workspace from the **Workspace Selector** in the top navigation bar. 

1.  On the Dashboard page, select the **Add Cluster** option in the **Actions** dropdown menu at the top right.

1.  Select **Attach Cluster**.

1.  Select the **No additional networking restrictions** card.

1.  The **Cluster Configuration** section of the form accepts a kubeconfig file that you can paste, or upload, into the field. Paste the contents of your clipboard (or upload the file you created) into the kubeconfig field.

> 1.  The **Cluster Name** field will automatically populate with the name of the cluster in the kubeconfig. You can edit this field with the name you want for your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  The **Cluster Name** field automatically populates with the name of the cluster in the kubeconfig. You can edit this field with the name you want for your cluster.
```
